or can't think of anything more romantic
than a weekend cleaved off and it can be
back with my lovely Tess would you mind
just pulling over here about them
of course Milo but why do you want yes
if it could come along I can't very well
say no could I
it'll be all right will hardly notices
there and I mean you like him you get a
one don't you yeah dice to see be just
CB dice whose in the van it's busy
Lucy's in the band affected Brucie hello
I love you radiant radiant you look
uncle Brucie you see was another great
time Vernon and you may come on hurry up
Boland let's get this road on the show
Brucie says move it lose you lose you
lose if you snooze it's Anchors Away and
off we go
I need to go to the toilet